You two are the generals of the Ye army
But he received money from the four-nation coalition
Betray our army
The general's message caused my building to fail in e-sports
Why are you doing this?
Isn't it just a few insignificant wanderers who died?
If you lose some money, it's over.
But I'll tell you what.
We two brothers are Ye Qing's cousins
How dare you arrest us?
I think you are dying
My eldest sister is about to become the god of war in the Temple of Heaven
He'll kill you with the movement of his fingers
You have two minutes to untie us
Then you tie yourself up and roll onto the bed
Give my brothers a break
Hahaha, why don't you wait for my brothers to go out?
It can kill you.
I can't die
Shameless
Get out! Now
Let go of me!
I'll kill you how I tell you
Do you hear me?
There's no cure.
Put these two traitors
Imprisoned in the deepest part of an endless prison
Warriors must not be released
Dispatch all members of the supervision department
Thoroughly investigate all the direct attack crabs of Ye Qingmei, etc
Discover Zhou Chun scum
All serious without
How could this be?
Sun Wei, your two cousins
But the heart of your uncle and aunt?
There can't be any mistakes between the two of them.
Lord War, listen to my explanation
Our two cousins are law-abiding on weekdays
They would never do such an attack
Treason
Yes, he must have done it in collusion with his grandmother
Yeah, maybe.
It must be him.
Go ahead and shut up